    What a URL is
    What HTTP is
    How to read a URL
    The scheme for a HTTP URL
    What a domain name is
    What a sub-domain is
    How to define a port number in a URL
    What a query string is
    What an HTTP request is
    What an HTTP response is
    What HTTP headers are
    What the HTTP message body is
    What an HTTP request method is
    What an HTTP response status code is
    What an HTTP Cookie is
    How to make a request with cURL
    What happens when you type google.com in your browser (Application level)
    How to fetch internet resources with the Python package urllib
    How to decode urllib body response
    How to use the Python package requests #requestsiswaysimplerthanurllib
    How to make HTTP GET request
    How to make HTTP POST/PUT/etc. request
    How to fetch JSON resources
    How to manipulate data from an external service

# Tasks

0. What's my status? #1

Write a Python script that fetches https://alu-intranet.hbtn.io/status

You must use the package requests
You are not allow to import packages other than requests
The body of the response must be display like the following example (tabulation before -)

1. Response header value #1

Write a Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the value of the variable X-Request-Id in the response header

You must use the packages requests and sys
You are not allow to import other packages than requests and sys
The value of this variable is different for each request
You don’t need to check script arguments (number and type)

2. POST an email #1

Write a Python script that takes in a URL and an email address, sends a POST request to the passed URL with the email as a parameter, and finally displays the body of the response.

The email must be sent in the variable email
You must use the packages requests and sys
You are not allowed to import packages other than requests and sys
You don’t need to error check arguments passed to the script (number or type)
Please test your script in the container provided, using the web server running on port 5000

3. Error code #1

Write a Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the body of the response.

If the HTTP status code is greater than or equal to 400, print: Error code: followed by the value of the HTTP status code
You must use the packages requests and sys
You are not allowed to import packages other than requests and sys
You don’t need to check arguments passed to the script (number or type)
Please test your script in the container provided, using the web server running on port 5000

4. Search API

Write a Python script that takes in a letter and sends a POST request to http://0.0.0.0:5000/search_user with the letter as a parameter.

The letter must be sent in the variable q
If no argument is given, set q=""
If the response body is properly JSON formatted and not empty, display the id and name like this: [<id>] <name>
Otherwise:
Display Not a valid JSON if the JSON is invalid
Display No result if the JSON is empty
You must use the package requests and sys
You are not allowed to import packages other than requests and sys
Please test your script in the container provided, using the web server running on port 5000. All JSON generated by this server are random.

5. My GitHub!

Write a Python script that takes your GitHub credentials (username and password) and uses the GitHub API to display your id

You must use Basic Authentication with a personal access token as password to access to your information (only read:user permission is needed)
The first argument will be your username
The second argument will be your password (in your case, a personal access token as password)
You must use the package requests and sys
You are not allowed to import packages other than requests and sys
You don’t need to check arguments passed to the script (number or type)

# Evaluation Quiz

0. Which method is used to serialize an object in Python?

dumps()

1. What does HTTP stand for?

Hypertext Transfer Protocol

2. When should unit tests be written in the software development process?

Throughout the entire development process

3. What is the purpose of unit testing in software development?

To test individual components or units of code

4. What is the purpose of \*args in Python function definitions?

To pass a variable number of positional arguments to a function

5. What does URL stand for?

Uniform Resource Locator

6. How can you read a URL?

By copying and pasting it into a web browser

7. Which module in Python is commonly used for unit testing?

unittest

8. How can you handle named arguments in a Python function?

By specifying the argument names and their corresponding values when calling the function

9. How can you read data from a JSON file in Python?

Using the load() method

10. What is serialization in the context of programming?

Converting data to a byte stream

11. What is a domain name?

The human-readable name of a website

12. Which scheme is used for HTTP URLs?

http

13. What is a sub-domain?

A secondary domain name within a primary domain

14. Which method is used to deserialize a JSON string in Python?

loads()

15. What is the purpose of \*\*kwargs in Python function definitions?

To pass a variable number of keyword arguments to a function

16. What are HTTP headers?

The information sent along with an HTTP request or response

17. How can you define a port number in a URL?

By appending it to the domain name with a colon

18. What is a query string?

The part of a URL that includes additional parameters

19. What is an HTTP request?

The communication between a web browser and a web server
